---
title: CCGAN - Conditional Classifier GAN
layout: post
mathjax: true
categories: [research, en, myresearch]
---

Peng Shen, Xugang Lu, Sheng Li, Hisashi Kawai, "Conditional Generative Adversarial Nets Classifier for Spoken Language Identification," in Proc. Interspeech, Stochholm, Sweden, Aug. 20-24, 2017.

[<a href="http://www.isca-speech.org/archive/Interspeech_2017/pdfs/0553.PDF" target="_blank">paper</a>] [<a href="/resources/ccgan_bibtex.txt">bibtex</a>]

## Introduction
We proposed a conditional classifier generative adversarial nets (CCGAN) for the classification task.
Unlike the previous works on GAN for image generation or semi-supervised GAN, the CCGAN uses real samples as conditional information to the generator network of GAN, and adds categorical output related to class labels as output to the discriminator network, in addition to “Real/Fake” output. The generator and discriminator networks are optimized by jointly minimizing the “Real/Fake” objective function and categorical classification objective function.
The generator can be considered as a feature transformation that supplies additional information to improve the generalization of the discriminator network for classification.
Compared with dropout and data augmentation methods, the proposed method obtained 29.7% and 31.8% relative improvement
on NIST 2015 i-vector challenge data set for spoken language identification.

## Proposed Method: Conditional Classifier GAN


[Working now]
## Experiment Results

## Related Work

## Contact
